Feat: Insomnia Azure SCIM (#1997)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/configure-scim-for-insomnia-with-azure.md

automated_tests: false
products:
    - insomnia

tier: enterprise

tags:
  - sso
  - azure
  - authentication
  - security

tldr:
    q: How do I configure SCIM with Azure in Insomnia?
    a: Enable SCIM in Insomnia to generate a connection URL and token, then configure your Azure SAML application to enable SCIM provisioning and use the URL and token generated to integrate with Insomnia.

related_resources:
  - text: SCIM for Insomnia
    url: /insomnia/scim/
  - text: SSO for Insomnia
    url: /insomnia/sso/
  - text: Configure Azure SAML SSO in Insomnia
    url: /how-to/azure-saml-sso-insomnia/

prereqs:
  inline:
  - title: Insomnia role
    include_content: prereqs/insomnia-owner
    icon_url: /assets/icons/insomnia/insomnia.svg
  - title: Verified domain
    include_content: prereqs/insomnia-verified-domain
    icon_url: /assets/icons/domain.svg
  - title: Azure permissions
    include_content: prereqs/azure-sso
    icon_url: /assets/icons/azure.svg
  - title: Azure SSO
    include_content: prereqs/insomnia-sso-azure
    icon_url: /assets/icons/azure.svg
---

## Enable SCIM in Insomnia

{% include /how-tos/steps/insomnia-scim.md %}

## Configure SCIM in Azure

> 1. In your [Azure app](#azure-sso), go to **Manage** > **Provisioning** and set **Provisioning Mode** to **Automatic**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the [Azure app you created](#azure-sso) in the prerequisites, go to **Manage** > **Provisioning** and set **Provisioning Mode** to **Automatic**.
```
I think that edit is correct, we're trying to get them to go to the thing they made in the prereqs?
